remove az_pair from iot properties (#1136)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-c: CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking Changes

- Rename `az_iot_hub_client_properties` to `az_iot_message_properties` and move it from `az_iot_hub_client.h` to `az_iot_common.h`.

> - Remove `az_pair` from IoT message property API's in favor of individual az_spans for name and value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove `az_pair` from `az_iot_message_properties_next()` in favor of individual name and value `az_span` parameters.
```
